docs: update rfc_0202 for code review audit (#46)
tari-project/rfcs: src/RFC-0202_TariScriptOpcodes.md

* The maximum length of a script's input is 1,024 bytes.
* The maximum stack height is 255.

### Opcode versions

> Base layer core consensus constants are linked to block height for each network, being it testnet, stagenet or mainnet, 
> and is backwards compatible, meaning a base node running updated consensus constants will also be able to validate the 
> blockchain for the previous version up to its last effective block height.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Base layer core consensus constants are linked to block height for each network, be it testnet, stagenet or mainnet, 
and are backwards compatible, meaning a base node running updated consensus constants will also be able to validate the 
blockchain for the previous version up to its last effective block height.
```

> Opcode versioning is contained within the consensus constants and used to determine which opcodes should be effective 
> from which block height. As an example, `OpcodeVersion::V0` could be effective from the genysis block, 
> `OpcodeVersion::V1` may contain two additional opcodes and could be effective from height 1234, whereas 
> `OpcodeVersion::V2` may deprecate three other opcodes and be effective from height 21743.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Opcode versioning is contained within the consensus constants and is used to determine which opcodes are effective 
from which block height. As an example, `OpcodeVersion::V0` could be effective from the genesis block, 
`OpcodeVersion::V1` may contain two additional opcodes and could be effective from height 1234, whereas 
`OpcodeVersion::V2` may deprecate three other opcodes and be effective from height 21743.
```

#### GeZero

Pops the top stack element as `val`. If `val` is greater than or equal to zero, push a $1$ to the stack, otherwise
push $0$.

> * Fails with `EMPTY_STACK` if the stack is empty.

Reviewer 2: This change does not seem to be correct

Author: Yip, that is my mistake, fixing all
